What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	when you initialize a repository, via git init, it creates the file .git. This 
	is a invisible metadata file that logs all the commits

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
	The staging area, is where you put the final draft to be place before it gets 
	published. It offers more flexibility in the middle.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical 
change?
	via git diff --staged to compare in the repository to staging area before you 
	commit

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history 
organized? How would branches help?
	Branches help by creating different experimental versions of the game without jepordizing the master branch. 
	diff branch (name of branch)
	diff checkout (name of branch)
	diff branch
	//shows all the branches and * the branch you are on

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	Branches are not linear, so drawing them helps visualize

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the 
diagram the way we do?
	When you merge two branches together, it merges ALL the commits together. To 
	show it in the diagram, you would link up the two branches and make a commit

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges 
manually?
	Git's automatic merging can check out any conflicts automatically.

Terminal Controls
	git init - creates git repository
	git status 
	git add - adds it to the staging area before you add it to the repsitory
	git commit - commits it from staging area to repository
	git diff - when no id listed, will run on working directory and staging area
	git diff --staged - compares staging area to respository
	git checkout master
	git checkout -b (new branch name) - two actions in one, creates new branch and checksout to it
	git branch - shows all branches and * the one you are on
	git branch -d (branch name)	- deletes said branch name
	git rest --hard - discards all changes in working directory and staging area
	git gc - deletes unbranched commits
	git show - diff compares to parent 